Add X-Powered-By header - Fixes #829 (#845)
gentics/mesh: CHANGELOG.adoc

icon:plus[] Changelog: The `ReleaseBranchRenameChange` entry has been updated to reduce required memory and increase execution performance on large databases (2m+ nodes).

> icon:plus[] REST: A `X-Powered-By` header was added to the REST responses.

Author: ```suggestion
icon:plus[] REST: A `X-Powered-By` header was added to all http responses.
```
